Well. space mission's finished.
[kids] What?
After all that. the captain
got off with the lizard queen?
That's a shit end.
It's not shit. Dennis. it's beautiful.
So. everyone lived happily ever after.
How imaginative.
Um. hands up here who
considers Karen to be a friend.
Anyone?
Not a single hand.
Oh.
Please don't stop space mission. sir!
We fucking love it!
Oh. listen. I fucking
love it. son.
but it's over.
[bell ringing]
Go. guys.
Don't look back.
[gasping]
[alien voice] Human scum.
it is I. the alien queen.
I'm enjoying my lunch.
Thank you for sending me your captain!
[gobbling]
What. eaten him?
The bitch.
No-o-o-o-o-o!
Oh dear. oh dear.
Looks like we'll have to go back
to the dangerous planet
next term after all.
[kids cheering]
Yes. good. go. go. go. go.
Was that all right?
Was that really what you wanted?
Are you joking?
You scared the shit out of them.
You are a wonderful lizard.
Thank you. Yes. it was difficult.
seeing as I'm a warm-blooded creature.
So. um. half term.
Are you?
Getting smashed out of my mind every day?
Yes. I am. I can't wait.
Last time. we were down the
pub.
Brian hadn't come out 'cause of his wife.
obviously. but Jo was there.
And there was this German guy and he had
no trousers and pants on
at the beginning of the...
Emma?
[upbeat music]
Afternoon. team. How are we?
-Hey. Brian.
-You remember my secretary. Barbara?
-All right. Barbara?
-Hello. Barbara.
Excited about half term?
Excited?
I'm like a chimp that's
ripped a woman's face off.
So. agenda. Pub tonight.
Raj's for a curry tomorrow night.
Jo. I think we said Monkey
Magic at your tent on Sunday.
Yep.
Barbara. you're welcome to all of these.
Wicked. I'm going to get crisps.
Great. I can't come
to curry tomorrow night.
but the rest sounds good.
-What?
Actually. I've got a bit of good news.
I've. uh. well. Barbara and I have
been nominated in the
local business awards.
Brilliant!
We haven't won. we've just been nominated.
It'll go to Tony Gibson
and. er. rightly so.
And the ceremony's tomorrow night?
Yes.
And you've only just found out?
-Well. um...
-Bit sudden. Brian.
Yeah. um. they told me
a couple of weeks ago.
Well. where the hell are we going
to get outfits from at this short notice?
-It's black tie. I bet. is it?
-Yes. it is.
It's OK. just go to the tailor.
What. the tailor who beat the shit out
of me 'cause I was wearing my mum's pants?
Shall I stick a live wasp
up my knob as well. Jo?
Oh. no. don't do that.
Look. I just presumed you
guys wouldn't want to come.
What?
Naomi's going to be there
with her new boyfriend.
Good. I'll turn up and make her
really jealous by taking a fit date.
I'll have to go to an
escort agency. of course.
-Unless your wife's got someone?
-Julia can't come. We've.
the nanny's had to go home.
I'll be your date.
I can't take you. Naomi knows you.
Right. well. you might change
your mind when you see my new dress.
It's frontless.
Are you sure you've not been
wearing it the wrong way round?
Yes.
Right. well. lots to do.
Er. hair. suit. oh. this
is going to be stressful. Hoo!
I need to get down the
salon for an industrial wax.
Last time I went. it was like Chewbacca
had stood on a land mine.
Do you know what I mean. Barbara?
Guys! It'll be really boring.
You won't enjoy it.
Brian! We wouldn't miss
this for the world. honestly.
It's almost like you
don't want us to come.
Whoa. Shakira!
Best Service Award. good luck.
Good luck.
Who the fuck are you?
Right. OK. he won't
remember. be the adult.
Hello. I'd like a suit. please.
No. he remembered. he
definitely remembered.
Bow chicka bow bow!
Oh. Daniel. you are going
to love me. problem sorted.
All right? What's going on?
Oh. the product of my ball bag.
Gerry. my son.
-Hello.
-All right?
You're right. he is a
lanky streak of piss.
[both laughing]
Yes. aren't I?
Your horse. Gerry?
No. it's just following him around!
Of course it's Gerry's horse.
He's been nominated for
Breeder Of The Year.
Small business awards.
oh. I'm going to that.
Oh. aye. good piss-up. 'tis. an' all.
-[Dan] Oh.
-Dan hasn't been nominated.
They haven't got a micro-penis category.
What. bit tiny down there. is it?
Tiny? You could barely see it.
I thought he was a girl till he was nine.
What. a little thin 'un. like?
Yes. Gerry. yes. It's thin.
but there's no length there. either.
Shame.
Good. I think we've established
the size of my penis.
If you'll forgive me.
I'll go into the house.
Stroke her. Daniel.
-No. thank you.
-She's lovely. stroke the horse.
I don't want to stroke the horse.
Bloody hell. lad.
What's the matter with you?
Stroke the bloody horse!
[Dan screams]
Well. this is perfect.
Well. what are you doing.
playing with a horse?
How was I playing with the horse?
It was a trap. he planned it.
Wake up. old woman!
I'm sick of these silly
comments about your father.
Gerry came to show the horse off.
Yes. and now I've had my tit bitten.
Well. never mind. no one
will see it under your tux.
I haven't got a tux. Mum.
Your dad's one.
What's that?
Daniel hasn't got a tux
for the business awards.
I said you've got one.
I have two!
You could take your pick. my love.
I'll go and get them.
[mom laughs]
See? He'd do anything for you.
He's up to something.
Oh. I used to think he
looked smashing in a tux.
The fun we used to have
at those Rotary Club do's.
Oh. in the mythical bygone golden era.
when you could buy a
house for three pounds.
None of you ever mention you only
earned 10p a year. though. do you?
Whitewash.
You're so cynical. you kids.
Bandage my tit.
Here it is.
This is the best one. I
never really wore the other.
It's a bit too '70s.
Wait a minute. you're
about a foot shorter than me.
I can alter it. sweetheart.
Oh. look at her little eyes light up
at the thought of menial work!
Let me get the sewing machine out.
Ooh. exciting!
[playful music]
Is. um. Mario not here. then?
No. he go to get. um.
suite for business awards.
Aah.
You want cut?
Yeah. I just need it tidied. really.
Cutting it across. yes. please!
No. just a trim.
Yes. please.
Yes. please!
Trim across. cut him across. yes?
[humming]
What's that?
Turkish song. You sing?
Yeah!
[singing in foreign language]
That's great.
You do know what I mean.
don't you. just a trim. yeah?
Trim. yes!
Cool.
[singing in foreign language]
Oh. my fuck!
See?
You look nice.
You've done a really
great job. thanks. Mum.
Does my hair look all right?
I don't know whether you can tell.
I've tried to sort of bring it.
[chuckles] You look lovely.
Come and see your son!
Ooh. I'll pop up and get your cuff links.
Well. well. well.
Just leave me alone.
That old suit's come up pretty well. eh?
Yes. it's good actually.
Yeah. oh. we've had some rum
old times. me and this suit.
It's just a pity we never really
got the chance to have it cleaned. though.
What do you mean?
Well. it hasn't been washed since
the Rotary Club ball all those years ago
and it saw its fair share
of action that night!
What?
Your mum couldn't wait for
us to get our clothes off.
Literally!
So it was a case of pop him
out and crack on. so to speak.
It was here. it was here.
It was [moaning and grunting].
Ohh. ohh!
And here's the finishing touch.
Forget it. I'm changing.
-[Polly] What?
-I'll wear the other one!
It's. um. Dan Davies. I'm with Ames & Co.
I'll deal with this one.
Oh. no!
Good evening to you too. sir. nice hair.
-Look. mate. I don't want any trouble.
-Ticket. please.
My friend's got them. she's not here yet.
Oh. dear. and it's a little
bit chilly tonight. isn't it?
-Look. I'm going in.
-You can fucking try!
[playful music]
Oh!
What a surprise!
Come to have a little look. have ya?
No. I was just...
Well. I haven't got my
mum's pants on. I'm afraid.
Look. please. mate.
I bet you've got a lovely lacy pair
under there. though. haven't you?
You cross-dressing pervert!
Nice little bra under
that shirt. is there?
No. it's it's a bandage.
I got. I got bitten by a horse.
I'm watching you. you twisted fuck!
[crowd chattering]
[Jo] Evening.
Hello.
[Jo] You waiting for someone?
Yes. my date.
[Jo] Oh. what does she look like?
You won't miss her.
She'll have the most ridiculous
outfit in the room on.
Maybe she's made more of
an effort than you realize.
Sorry. what?
Surprise!
Oh. my God!
-Jo. what the fuck?
-Nailed it!
You said you didn't want Naomi
to recognize who you were here with.
Slam dunk!
So you've dressed as a man?
It's amazing. isn't it?
I had it all left over from
when I was a private detective.
I wanted Naomi to think I had a date!
Yeah. and now you have.
Why would I want her to think I'm gay?
And if I was gay. why would
I be going out with this?
Oh.
Well. this is the
most frightening thing you've ever done.
I do feel a bit silly now. actually.
Oh. my God. look at!
It's a bit tight. it's all I
could get in the charity shop!
Well. I'm not letting Naomi
see me. seeing us. like this!
I'm going home.
Dan!
Oh. Christ!
Hi. I thought I might find you here.
Here I am.
-Oh. your hair.
-Yes.
Oh. well. it. it doesn't really show...
It shows.
Oh. no. it doesn't...
It shows!
Uh. I'm sorry. I didn't
introduce myself. I'm Naomi.
How are you. Naomi? The name's Damon.
And how do you know Dan?
We met in Ireland. apparently.
We did so.
We were just in Ireland. having the crack
over there. and. and
now I'm just over here.
-Sort of Dan's date?
-That's right. yeah.
Huh. no! We're. um.
we're business partners.
We've started a business together.
That's why we've come here.
Great!
Finally getting out of teaching.
Hopefully next year.
we'll win awards myself.
Oh. that's great. Dan.
So. what's the business?
What?
What business are you starting?
It's. um...
Dog corks.
Dog corks?
Yes. dog corks.
It's what?
What. they're. they're like corks?
For dogs. yeah.
And what do they?
The truth is. Naomi. no one likes to see
dog mess on the streets. so
me and. uh. your man here.
what we plan to do is. uh. cork them all.
Yeah.
Oh. my God.
-But. surely...
-Yes.
You would think that palming a cork into
a dog's ass to stop it
from shitting would be both
cruel and dangerous for the dog.
But. in fact. no. it turns
out it's perfectly safe.
And. against all odds. a viable business!
Right.
-Dan. you're bleeding.
-Yeah.
A horse bit my tit!
Excuse me. sweetheart.
have you got a minute?
I want to introduce you
to. um. oh. I'm so sorry.
Hi. guys.
Dan. Damon. this is Ben.
uh. my well. my boyfriend.
-Boyfriend.
-It is so nice to actually meet you.
I have heard so much about you.
Oh. good!
Sorry. you are?
He's Damon. he's from Ireland.
Your date?
[all laughing]
No. he's my business partner.
We're going to be sticking corks
into dogs' asses for a living.
Unless. of course. I bleed to
death from this horse bite!
Nice to meet you. Ben.
Come on. Damon!
[announcer] Ladies and gentlemen.
please take your seats for the
2013 West Regional Small
Business of the Year Awards.
And please welcome your
host. you'll know him
from local weather reports from
right across the county. Mike Bradley!
[clapping]
Thank you. thank you.
Who's this twat?
Don't you watch the local news?
This is the weatherman.
That there's snow business
like a small business!
[crowd laughing]
-He's a weather bell-end.
-Please!
[Mike] Just a little joke
there. just lightning the mood!
And calm down on the cider. Alright.
On a serious note.
Can I just say what a
lovely chocolate fountain.
[crowd clapping]
Winner of the Best Butcher
Award is Big Dave Bowers!
[crowd clapping]
What's he throwing?
It's bacon!
Next up. the award for Best Hairdresser.
[crowd clapping]
And the winner
of the Best Service Award goes to...
Bombs cafe.
I'll get Bob if you're gonna muck about.
[crowd clapping]
And now it's time for
a very special award.
the Financial Services Award.
-Is this you. Brian?
-And to read the nominations.
I'd like you all to welcome the sponsor
of tonight's event. Ben Bradgate.
Oh. God. this is it!
OK. guys.
And the nominees are
Paul Johnson Financial Solutions.
Tony Gibson Accountancy.
And Brian Ames & Co.
Ooh. ah. ah!
Beef. beef!
Whoo. whoo!
And the winner is...
Tony Gibson.
[crowd clapping]
No way!
You don't understand.
No. I'm sorry. I'm not having this.
No. stop. stop. no!
Oh. my God. he's doing a Kanye!
I don't want to do this.
really. guys.
but I'm so sorry.
Some things have gotta be said. right?
I'm so. I'm so sorry about this.
But I...
Listen. guys. I know he hasn't won.
but I want to say a few
words about Brian Ames.
I think he's the best financial
advisor in the whole world.
This is just one more award
ceremony and he hasn't won it.
and I respect the judges.
I respect the judges!
But as far as financial advice goes.
you're not going to get a better guy
than the guy who's sitting over
in that corner right now.
I can tell you that. you've got my
cast-iron guarantee on that right now. OK?
I don't know who Tony fucking Gibson is!
Good luck to him!
I'm sure he can handle
a fucking calculator
as well as most men.
but you want to tell me
that Brian Ames can't do
it better. you're wrong!
And I'm sorry to raise my voice. guys.
You don't need to be a genius
to work out that this is a quality event.
Have a look at the chocolate fountain.
But on this occasion. when it comes
to financial services. we got it wrong!
You got it wrong.
I got it wrong!
And. guys. let's keep this
award ceremony for us. can we?
Can we keep this
special award ceremony real
and fresh and for the people of this town?
God. I hope so!
Look after each other. all right?
We're a community here.
[snapping fingers]
Peace.
All right?
Naomi. I love you!
Slip. slide!
[clapping]
Um. well. thanks for that.
As most of you will know.
Tony Gibson passed away
last week after a long
battle with illness.
but his widow. Sandra.
and his daughter. Louise.
are here to collect his posthumous award.
[crowd clapping]
My daddy was a hero.
It was very sweet of you. Dan.
Misguided. embarrassing. I mean.
ball-clenchingly
embarrassing.
but very sweet.
Let's get some drinks.
No need. me and Barbara have sorted it.
Come on. Dan!
Dan. get a chocolate tache!
Where's that chocolate fountain?
Beef!
[Barbara] That table doesn't
look like much fun to me.
Barbara. you spoke!
Yes. I said that table over there
doesn't look like much fun. does it?
I'm glad we're on this table. aren't you?
Yeah. I think I might be!
I've always hated the slow
dances. I never get asked.
I'll take you for a slow dance. Jo.
Wicked!
I've had a right laugh tonight.
-Haven't you?
-Yeah. yeah. I have. Damon.
I'll tell you what.
-This bra is actually killing me.
-Uh-huh.
What a surprise.
[screaming]
♪ And I'm never gonna dance again ♪
♪ Guilty feet have got no rhythm ♪
♪ Though it's easy to pretend ♪
♪ I know you're not a fool ♪
[yelling]
♪ Should have known better
than to cheat a friend ♪
♪ And waste the chance
that I've been given ♪
[squishing]
♪ So I'm never gonna dance again ♪
♪ The way I danced with you ♪
[yelling]
Oi. everyone just calm down!
♪ Now that you're gone ♪
Hey!
♪ Tonight the music sings so loud ♪
I'm the sponsor!
♪ I wish that we could lose this crowd ♪
♪ Maybe it's better this way ♪
♪ We'd hurt each other with
the things we want to say ♪
♪ We could have been so good together ♪
♪ We could have lived
this dance forever ♪
♪ But now who's gonna dance with me ♪